docs: mention game template install errors (#38)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/1_create_escoria_project.rst

Enter the project name and the folder for your new game.
Click **Install & Edit**.

> Note that if you launched Godot from a terminal then this terminal will display

Reviewer: I'd suggest putting the text into the warning section that is about the same thing basically. Or maybe move the warning up to the position you added the text if it makes more sense there.

Author: To me it wasn't clear at all this was about the same thing. I asked on Discord and @StraToN told me to simply ignore these messages. So maybe you should talk together to decide whether it can be ignored or it means people should "quit to the project manager and reopen the game to let Escoria initialize properly." I don't have any opinion here, I launched Godot for the first time today. Also feel free to edit my text if you want.

Reviewer: @StraToN I believe the error messages are due to the import process and initialization of three plugins. Restarting Godot should fix that so we maybe should add @PatrickMassot 's text to the warning and move it a bit up. Do you agree?

Reviewer 2: Yes I agree with that. I tried multiple times to get these error messages but they don't seem to appear every time.

    quit to the project manager and reopen the game
    to let Escoria initialize properly.

    If you launched Godot from a terminal then this terminal will display

>     error messages at this stage. Those messages can be safely ignored.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If you launched Godot from a terminal then the terminal will display
    error messages at this stage: These messages can be safely ignored.
```
